<!--t Day 4, 2018 t-->

**Date:** January 9, 2018

**Time:** 6 pm - 9 pm

**Location:** build room

**Number of members:** 38

## Team progress
These are the recaps written by each sub team's lead(s) in their Discord channel:

### Team Akhil / Trevor
**Akhil:** Today we continued work on new intake designs as well as build the second part of our prototype lift.

<u>Intake:</u> We developed one that is spring loaded in the back. It works well but needs to be tested with motors. We also started to develop another spring loaded design that is very compact. We will finalize the first design and aim to finish the compact version.

<u>Lift:</u> We found gears that we thought we didn't have. We began to measure and cut pieces for the second side. The aim is to have it done during the next meeting so that we can began to test the full lift.

### Team Jackson / Kyle / Luke
**Kyle:** We assembled the final parts of the telescope climber prototype such as the 775 motor and 3D printed spacers. We successfully tested the mechanism several times until a knot broke, revealing a weak point. Some team members worked with Team Nile on an intake for the power cube that uses wheels.

### Team Nile
**Nile:** Because Kyle's design for the roller intake was subject to change, we worked on a proof of concept that the compliant wheels would be able to securely carry the Power Cube. The initial design was too tight for the box and the thin pieces of wood appeared to be too weak to handle the elasticity of the wheels.

#### Future
We will use two thicker beams of wood to hold the compliant wheels in place, not by sandwiching, but by lots of shaft collars. The front two compliant wheels will then be followed by another set of wheels.

### Team Shreyas
**Shreyas:** We continued to design and the prototype the clamp mechanism. Learning from issues from yesterday's tests, we added more grip and stability to the intake.
After finishing the clamp prototype, we worked on ideas and designs for our second intake, and ended up on deciding on a stationary wheel intake mechanism. We will continue to prototype this next meeting.

### Software Team
**Vishal:** Jasmine looked into using a color sensor to identify cubes on the field for a possible autonomous routine. Davin started programming the RobotArm subsystem and pushed his code to [his branch on our GitHub][1]. 

We attached a green LED ring around a [Microsoft Lifecam HD-3000 camera][2] to take sample pictures of our assembled vision target board for Kaichen. Using these sample pictures, we can estimate the HSV color values of the target's retroreflective tape as it will appear to our robot's camera and filter the targets' shapes to estimate the distance between the camera and the target.

Those interested in driving for competition brainstormed ideas for widgets on a custom driver dashboard. The ideas we brainstorm include: a view from the front-facing camera, a visualization of the robot's scale arm's height, and the orientation/position of our robot (based on encoders and gyroscope). Vishal started customizing a dashboard using [FRC Dashboard][3].

#### Possible auto routines
1. Only cross the auto line
2. Drive near our side of our switch, then use vision to align with the vision target. Then, place the pre-loaded cube onto the platform.
3. Cross the auto line and place a cube on our switch. Then, retrieve another cube and place it on the scale.

#### Future
We will attach an encoder to a motor on the yoga ball bot (from the 2014 competition) to test our encoder code. Until our new roboRIO arrives, we will use an old robot for testing. We will need to image the yoga ball bot's roboRIO with the [2018 firmware][4].

[1]: https://github.com/SkylineSpartabots/FRC-2018/tree/Davin
[2]: https://www.microsoft.com/accessories/en-us/products/webcams/lifecam-hd-3000/t3h-00011
[3]: https://github.com/FRCDashboard/FRCDashboard
[4]: https://wpilib.screenstepslive.com/s/currentCS/m/getting_started/l/144984-imaging-your-roborio