<!--t About Us: Mission t-->

The Skyline High School Robotics Team, ‘The Spartabots’, is dedicated to cultivating well rounded life skills. Our mentor guided, student run club nurtures and inspires interested young minds in the fields of science, technology, engineering and math (STEM). We welcome students with varied interests, giving them a unique opportunity to develop self-confidence, creative thinking, leadership, collaboration and teamwork.

Technology, electronics, automation, and mechanization are all terms and concepts that are deeply inherent in modern culture. Our club is committed to helping students recognize the practical application of science and technology through the process of designing and creating a fully functional robot. Along the way, students have learned about engineering, programming, mathematics, and technology – skills that inspire innovation. Beyond the construction of robots, our club members have learned leadership and creative problem solving, how to apply classroom skills to real-world problems, and how to communicate and share ideas – valuable life skills that will serve them in all their future endeavors.

And after all this robot construction, academic application, design implementation, web development, business administration, fundraising, and many other ventures, our team members gain unparalleled gratification from not only their own accomplishments but the enthused environment in which they work.

Our team’s chief underlying values include “Gracious Professionalism” and “Coopertition,” which are important mottos of the FIRST Robotics Competition. Gracious Professionalism encourages collaboration and courtesy even under the pressures of fierce competition. It teaches us to compete like crazy, but to also have a sense of respect and kindness among competitors. Hand in hand with Gracious Professionalism is the idea of Coopertition, which leads to the production of innovation as a whole, where all teams can and should assist and cooperate with each other even during the heat of competition. The Spartabots practices these philosophies in the competition arena as well as in its everyday efforts in school and in the community.